CLOUDP-221643: Document the meaning of read/write only fields (#254)
mongodb/atlas-sdk-go: docs/doc_1_concepts.md

If you encounter any problems with methods marked as experimental, feel free to raise a [Github issue](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/issues/new/choose).

## Read Only and Write Only Fields

> Some fields are documented as `read only` or `write only` in the [documentation](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/docs/doc_last_reference.md#documentation-for-models) and the Go doc comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each SDK Request and Response might contain read or write only fields. 
Those fields are identified by godoc comments and [documentation](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/docs/doc_last_reference.md#documentation-for-models).
```

> - `read only` fields are included in responses but not in requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use godoc comments to annotate fields as read and write only:
- `// Read only field.` comment means that field can be included in responses but not in requests
```

> - `write only` fields may be included in request but not in responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `// Write only field.` means that field may be included in requests but not in responses
```

Reviewer: Write only field is an marker on it's own that could be used by tooling or linter in the future.

If you encounter any problems with methods marked as experimental, feel free to raise a [Github issue](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/issues/new/choose).

## Read Only and Write Only Fields

> Each SDK request and response might contain read or write only fields identified by the [documentation](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/docs/doc_last_reference.md#documentation-for-models) and the Go doc comments.

Author: Cool thanks, added!
